Title: The Market For Uniqueness
Tags: posts

To most people, economics is an unappreciable subject that lies well beyond
the realm of practicality. Admittedly, at first glance the concepts do seem
somewhat trivial until you really dig deep into the meaning behind the
concepts. I've actually already written twice about economic subjects that
have tied to reality ([link 1](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wars-broken-window/
"War's Broken Window"), [link 2](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/diminishing-
marginal-returns-to-life/ "Diminishing Marginal Returns To Life")), and there
are many books that use economics to simplify the complexity in life
([Soccernomics](http://www.amazon.ca/Soccernomics-Australia-Turkey-Iraq-Are-
Destined/dp/1568584253), [Freakonomics](http://www.amazon.com/Freakonomics-
Economist-Explores-Hidden-Everything/dp/0060731338), and
[Superfreakonomics](http://www.amazon.com/Super-Freakonomics-Patriotic-
Prostitutes-Insurance/dp/B008SLBARA) to name just a few).



Another interesting economic analogy can be applied to our own personalities.



Consider the typical Supply-Demand function, which depicts the relationship
between buyers and sellers in a specific market. This market could be
anything. It could be the market for cell-phones, homes, books, and all sorts
of stuff you'd expect to be modeled on this framework. But you could explain
certain aspects of life, like the reason why we as people can never assimilate
with everyone we know, with this model.



[![Supply Demand Function in a Perfectly Competitive
Market](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2014/04/demand_supply_excess_demand1.gif)](http://giorgiodelgado.ca
/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/demand_supply_excess_demand1.gif)



You could consider your personality as the object in the model and as the
product being analyzed. In the market for your personality there is a certain
demand for it (which is the summation of each individual's value they place or
price they place on your personality) and there is also a certain cost
(supply) to it, which could be like trying too hard to impress, being
yourself, accumulating knowledge, etc.



The intersection between the two lines is known as the equilibrium and can be
pictured as being the perfect balance of being who you are and the amount of
people who like you that way.



Increasing your supply (which moves the supply curve to the right) will
perhaps make you more likable but you are now less valued. This could be seen
as selling yourself out, being a pushover and not angering anyone, etc.



The whole point of this post is that by economic law, you should seize to try
and impress everyone. I could go into more detail as to how economics further
strengthens this notion but It'd get more complicated than what it already is.



Just be happy with who you are, and fall in love with your inner quirckiness.
this uniqueness is the product you are putting out on the market, which may
gain a bigger and more loyal following than a generic product that barely
satisfies the demands of the market.





