Title: Work Now, Relax Later
Tags: posts

I came across a status asking for motivation to finish an assignment as I
guiltily scrolled through Facebook. To assist I posted this image:

[![slcDD4N](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2014/03/slcDD4N.jpg)](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2014/03/slcDD4N.jpg)

But what if getting out of bed, sleeping early, doing your homework, getting a
workout, improving in some way, meeting new people, and exploring new things
on a daily basis seems like a far-fetched vision that only exists in the
imaginary world of movies? I'm here to tell you that you can do all of these
things in a consistent manner by simply tweaking some of your habits.



The main cause for one's inability to achieve productivity is the
overconsumption of information. We are constantly bombarded with stimulating
visuals and provoking text that prevent clarity of thought. Thus, undertaking
a task that requires mental effort is almost a physical impossibility since
our minds are already stuffed to the gils with waste.



**Reduce Distractions**



The key then, is to remove oneself from this constant state of informational
bombardment. If you are truly committed to being a better person with an
ability to think clearly and the capacity to complete challenging goals, then
you must forgo the sources of "noise".



Start small and gradually work your way into lesser and lesser distractions.
To begin, I'd suggest you reduce your usage of social networking sites. This
is where most of the mind numbingly useless information comes from, and
ironically where people spend most of their time. Use [blocking applications
such as WasteNoTime](http://www.bumblebeesystems.com/wastenotime/), which
enforce productive habits.



**Set Clearly Defined Goals**



Once you've reduced the amount of mental clutter, a feeling of sharp clarity
will consume you. The next step is to apply this newfound energy to good use.
Have one or two clear-cut goals with actionable steps to constantly remind you
of the desired outcomes. This clarity of thought is a double-edged sword in
the sense that you can fall into the trap of a different kind of [mental
overload](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/information-overload.html "Controlling
Information Overload"), something that I'm slowly learning to control. Heed my
warning and beware of setting either too many objectives, or goals beyond your
initial reach.



So get to it, turn your wishes into goals by reducing life's informational
barrage, and outline these goals in actionable ways. Leave nothing to doubt,
as you'll most likely end up wondering how life would have panned out had you
been a more organized and productive person. Consider today as the first day
of the rest of your life.

