Title: Interesting Podcasts
Tags: posts

On the days when you're simply too busy to sit down, kick your feet up, and
take in the wisdom of a book, podcasts are the perfect alternative. Jam-packed
with great information, they serve as another medium for productivity in times
of hustle and bustle.



Below are my top three podcasts:



[#3 - Trend Following With Michael Covel](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/podcast
/trend-following-michael-covel/id151217747?mt=2)



As financially technical as this may sound, Michael often covers broader
subjects that strengthen the notion that trend following is the right
investment strategy. A great speaker with a passionate personality, Michael
delivers insights that to most, would be too taboo to publicize.



**Website Description** : Michael Covel is president of Trend Following, a
privately owned research firm with clients in more than 70 countries. He is
the four-time bestselling author of The Little Book of Trading, Trend
Commandments, The Complete TurtleTrader, and the classic Trend Following. His
books have been translated into 10+ languages and Trend Following was named
best trading book of the last 15 years. His first film, a documentary, is
Broke: The New American Dream.







[#2 - Exchanges - Ideas &
Arguments](http://www.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/series/ideas)



I just got into listening this one and it's really refreshing to hear
something out of the ordinary. This is no regular business podcast that
updates you on daily events. You will be hearing from the greatest minds about
the most complex issues.



[Here](http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/worldservice/ideas/ideas_20140111-2000a.mp3)
is my favorite Exchanges podcast so far. [Nassim
Taleb](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nassim_Nicholas_Taleb) discusses his
thoughts on the banking system and the concept of Antifragility.



**Website description** : The world's leading figures in science, economics,
politics and architecture join an audience to discuss their ideas.







[#1 - Freakonomics Radio](http://freakonomics.com/radio/freakonomics-radio-
podcast-archive/)



A famous economist, Stephen Dubner, and a great writer, Steven Levitt, came
together to create one of my favorite books. The successful literature
garnered so much attention that out of it came this podcast. Each episode,
both Steven and Stephen delve deeper into _the hidden side of everything_.
They ask questions about everyday phenomena, and make you realize how complex
even the simplest things can be.



**Website description** : In their books "Freakonomics" and
"SuperFreakonomics," Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner explore "the
hidden side of everything," with stories about cheating schoolteachers, self-
dealing real-estate agents, and crack-selling mama's boys. The Freakonomics
Radio podcast, hosted by Dubner, carries on that tradition with weekly
episodes. Prepare to be enlightened, engaged, perhaps enraged, and definitely
surprised.









