Title: Self Development Challenge The Plan
Tags: posts

In my previous post, I [presented my goals](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/self-
development-challenge/) for the next four to eight months. In this post I will
discuss the details of the plan and how I will go about becoming a self-taught
programmer.

##### Become a Proficient Programmer

In order to become a good programmer, I not only need to understand a few
languages' syntax but also the mentality behind programming (i.e. sorting
algorithms and the plethora of concepts that can be demonstrated on any
language).

Thankfully, I've already gone ahead and completed
[CS50x](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-computer-science-harvardx-
cs50x) (less the final project), Harvard's introduction to computer science
course which introduced me to a wide array of instrumental concepts, such as
efficient algorithm design, recursion, hashing, etc... Learning about
Artificial Intelligence will provide me the opportunity to expand on this
knowledge.

Additionally, I'm just about halfway through on Udemy's popular [Web
Developer](https://www.udemy.com/complete-web-developer-
course/?dtcode=z6mhCZF27avk) course, which has taught me how to design this
blog and understand web design concepts.



##### Become Knowledgeable in Artificial Intelligence

What most people don't realize is that [Economics has a lot to do with
Artificial Intelligence](http://robohub.org/economics-and-the-foundations-of-
artificial-intelligence/). Being an Economics major myself, it only makes
sense to continue learning about a similarly interesting field.

In order to accomplish this, I will follow [MIT's Artificial Intelligence
course](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-
science/6-034-artificial-intelligence-fall-2010/index.htm) on MIT Open
Courseware where I will complete all homework assignments and exams. I will
treat this course as if I were a student paying full tuition for this course.
As such, I have also gone ahead and purchased the [required textbook off of
Amazon](http://smile.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0201533774).

Depending on how the next four months unfold, I may enrol in [Georgia Tech's
Machine Learning course](https://www.udacity.com/course/ud675) via Udacity in
order to strengthen my understanding in this field.



##### Become Capable of Creating Software Products

I've dropped all my university classes in order to focus solely on these goals
for the next four months ... with one exception. I managed to sneak into
[University of Waterloo's Business Development course](https://uwaterloo.ca
/conrad-business-entrepreneurship-technology/undergraduate-students
/undergraduate-courses#BET300) where I will get to meet and hear form
successful entrepreneurs.

In this environment I will be able to ask as many questions as I want and
flesh out my product ideas.



##### Extracurriculars

I hope to write once a week once the New Year begins where I'll discuss my
challenges, what I've learned, and even post some of my work.

Finally, I may even enter a [few hackathons here and
there](http://www.up.co/communities/canada/waterloo/startup-weekend/5100),
where I'll undoubtedly be shown how much I still need to learn to even
consider myself a competent programmer.

