Title: Diminishing Marginal Returns To Life
Tags: posts

Staying on the topic of [idea overflow](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/information-
overload.html "Controlling Information Overload") and
[productivity](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/work-now-relax-later.html "Work Now,
Relax Later"), I'd like to talk about a basic economic concept.



The concept under the microscope is known as Diminishing Marginal Returns.
Wikipedia defines it as follows:

> The decrease in the marginal (per-unit) output of a production process as
the amount of a single factor of production is increased, while the amounts of
all other factors of production stay constant.

In layman's terms this simply means that in some instances, increasing
quantity of an input will increase the amount of your output _at a decreasing
rate_. An economist would depict the idea with the following chart:



[![Diminishing Marginal Returns to Labor](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2014/03/Diminishing-Marginal-Returns-to-Labor-
300x219.png)](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Diminishing-
Marginal-Returns-to-Labor-300x219.png)



As unrelatable as that still sounds, its actually something that surrounds us
all every minute of our lives.



For instance, consider productivity. The whole point of being productive is to
achieve some goal, right? If you begin with no goals, you essentially have no
cognitive output and one could say you haven't **produced** anything
meaningful (i.e. you haven't learned anything to apply in useful ways). If you
then set one goal, and begin applying time (units of labour) towards that
goal, you will be infinitely more productive relative to your goalless self.
But as you start setting more and more goals, you then begin experiencing
Decreasing Marginal Returns because you have exhausted your productive
abilities over a wide range of time-consuming goals. As such, you end up not
producing anything meaningful.



So one must be aware of such situations in life and realize that quantity is
not always quality.



Businesses need to understand this concept also. A business model like
Amazon's is exempt from this concept because it's not a capital-intensive
company. This means that sales can increase exponentially for amazon, but
because it doesn't rely as much on buildings and physical structures to expand
sales, then it doesn't experience DMR (at least to the extent of other types
of businesses).



This was just a quick glimpse into the world of economics, which most people
assume is too theoretical to apply in reality.

