Title: Venezuela Needs Your Help
Tags: forty-eight

If you already haven't heard, Venezuela is virtually at the brink of civil
war. The tyrannous government has ruled for over a decade now with noticeable
revolt. But on this past February 12, the national holiday devoted to
celebrating youth in Venezuela, the future generations of the nation went to
protest the insecurity and corrosion of what was once the economic powerhouse
of Latin America. Armed with just their voice, the youth marched in all the
major cities around the country, and by the end of the day the government's
national guard took to the streets to subdue the momentum and global acclaim
that the youth was receiving. But the national guard did not have the right to
subdue us. They broke constitution (as has been tradition for several years
now), and jailed many of the protesters without reason, as well as murdered
many for simply displaying their discontent for the current political rule.



[![Foto 2-20-2014, 8 13 50 PM](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Foto-2-20-2014-8-13-50-PM-
300x300.jpg)](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Foto-2-20-2014-8-13-50-PM.jpg) A personal friend of
mine who nearly lost his eye due to shrapnel



Fast forward to the days subsequent to the 12 of February and things have only
gotten worse. The Venezuelan government, in response to having depleted its
manpower and weaponry, has called upon the Cuban government for
reinforcements. There are now Cuban militants walking the streets of Venezuela
with the strict order of jailing or even killing whoever displays any
opposition towards Nicolas Maduro and his communist rule.





Venezuela is no longer democratic. It seized to be anything near a democracy a
long time ago.



[![Foto 2-20-2014, 8 15 10 PM](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Foto-2-20-2014-8-15-10-PM.jpg)](http://giorgiodelgado.ca
/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/Foto-2-20-2014-8-15-10-PM.jpg) Cuban militants
landing at Venezuela's airport





> The hottest place in hell is reserved for those who remain neutral in times
of great moral conflict - Martin Luther King Jr.

Please share this article or the following video to help raise awareness of
this terrible injustice.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFS6cP9auDc



[Click here for more information on the current state of Venezuela (read the
top comment).
](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1xqzfp/this_is_caracas_venezuela_right_now_this_is_an/)

