Title: Let the Excitement Begin
Tags: posts

I'm very excited to announce that just a few days ago I launched a landing
page for my [service](http://bykme.ca/register). I am looking to create a
peer-to-peer bike sharing network where locals can rent out their bicycles and
make supplemental income. On the other side of the spectrum, travellers and
infrequent commuters will have access to a quick method of accessing a bike,
rather than having to register for a membership and pay a fixed price for the
current bike sharing systems all around the world.

[![BykMe](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Screen-
Shot-2015-03-21-at-9.27.35-PM-300x161.png)](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/Screen-Shot-2015-03-21-at-9.27.35-PM.png)

  

I've also met two people interested in working with me on this venture thus
far and have begun validating the idea by visiting local bike shops to see
what they think.

Just yesterday I pitched the idea to a small group of tech and
entrepreneurship enthusiasts ([at Boltmade HQ](http://www.boltmade.com/)) and
got some great feedback. Their thoughts allowed me to refine the business
model and brought up some critical points for the sustainability of the
business.

Today is the start of [Startup Weekend as well](http://startupweekend.org/) \-
a 54 hour event in which I'm sure I'll learn even more about myself and the
viability of [BykMe](http://bykme.ca/register). I hope to meet even more
awesome people as well as another potential cofounder (fingers crossed).

Today also marked the start of [UC Berkeley's Artificial Intelligence
course](https://www.edx.org/course/artificial-intelligence-uc-berkeleyx-
cs188-1x-0). If you have been reading my posts for a while now, you'll know
that I put a stop to trying to go at it alone on [MIT's AI
course](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/restarting-for-efficiencys-sake/) because of
the lack of resources as well as community. Thanks to [ edX's online
platform](https://www.edx.org/), I am provided with more resources as well as
a community in which I can discuss problems and learn at a faster rate. This
rids me of the unnecessary headaches of trying to learn a subject completely
alone.

I am well on my way to achieving the three goals I set out to accomplish by
the end of the Winter. Those goals ([mentioned here](http://giorgiodelgado.ca
/self-development-challenge/)) are:

  * Become a proficient programmer
  * Begin understanding Artificial Intelligence methodologies
  * Learn how to create a product

