Title: 10 Days of Learning
Tags: posts

Lots has happened between my last post and now. From expanding my professional
network and creating meaningful connections, to [finalizing my product's
registration page](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Screen-
Shot-2015-01-24-at-4.21.28-PM.png), to [hanging out with really influential
people](https://twitter.com/Giorgio_Delgado/status/562347062524911616). I'll
summarize what has transpired.



## Network Network Network

I've been jumping on any opportunity to meet tech enthusiasts and startup
cofounders. One of the best events that I went to was the [Startup
Showcase](http://www.uwesociety.com/blog/entsoc-presents-startup-showcase-
winter-2015) where I met a bunch of cofounders as well fellow laurier
entrepreneurs from [LaunchPad](http://laurierentrepreneur.ca/launchpad/).

Being a fitness enthusiast, I've got to say that
[OneSet](http://www.oneset.co/) took the prize for me. If you love working out
and are always looking for cool workout ideas, then you'll love this app.

Other notable startups were:



  * [YellowBrickMe](http://www.yellowbrickme.ca/)

* [Suncayr](http://www.suncayr.ca/)

* [Chalk](https://www.chalk.com/)

* [Kue](http://getkue.ca/)

## Get Inspired

Besides the awesome networking events that I went to, I also attended two
really great talks. The first one was a rather provocative talk by UW's [Larry
Smith](https://www.ted.com/speakers/larry_smith) on the mentality necessary to
change the world. If you've never had a chance to hear him talk, I recommend
[this
video](http://www.ted.com/talks/larry_smith_why_you_will_fail_to_have_a_great_career?language=en).

Although quite abstract, his talk made each and every one of us question
things we assume as fundamental truths, as well as realize that to make
meaningful changes in this world, one has to be prepared to face very
uncomfortable situations.

The second talk I attended was an informal chat through [Bruce
Croxon's](http://brucecroxon.com/bio/) past and current entrepreneurial
endeavours. He discussed how he went about creating Lavalife, and what he
learned. Lessons:

* Do what you love (because times will get unimaginably tough)



* A good culture is immensely important for the long-term performance of your company



* User acquisition means nothing without solid retention

