Title: Restarting For Efficiency's Sake
Tags: posts
Date: 2015-01-23

If you've been following my posts, you'll know that I'm nearly one month into
my [self development challenge](http://giorgiodelgado.ca/self-development-
challenge/), and I've got to say that there are some things I've learned along
the way.



## MIT OpenCourseWare Makes Me Lazy

Having taken [Harvard's Programming Course on edX](https://www.edx.org/course
/introduction-computer-science-harvardx-cs50x), I became conditioned to having
a wide array of resources at my disposal. And I mean a wide array: The
lectures given by [David Malan](http://cs.harvard.edu/malan/about/) were
really interesting and engaging (not to say that Patrick Henry Winston's
aren't); CS50x had hour-long tutorials that delved deeper into the lecture
topics; there were short videos that discussed individual concepts; but most
importantly - There was a massive community to discuss problems.

So lesson learned - a community (amongst other resources) is simply something
I just can't do without. Thus for the sake of maintaining my sanity, I'm going
to abort MIT's AI course and opt in to [UC Berkeley's AI course on
edX](https://www.edx.org/course/artificial-intelligence-uc-berkeleyx-
cs188-1x-0). From experience, having peers to work through problems will allow
me to learn just as much, but in a much smaller timeframe.

The course doesn't start until February 6, which allows me to focus on both my
venture idea and [web-development class](https://www.udemy.com/complete-web-
developer-course/).



## I Need To Work On My Presentation Skills

I pitched my venture idea to my [University of Waterloo Entrepreneurship
class](https://uwaterloo.ca/conrad-business-entrepreneurship-technology
/undergraduate-students/undergraduate-courses#BET300). I believe I did a good
job, but there is substantial room for improvement.

I get a second chance to pitch the idea once I've refined it using a business
model canvas and value proposition canvas, as well as meetings with an
advisor.

I'll soon be posting more info on my venture idea.



## I Need To Become More Efficient With My Time

I can't help but think that [Parkinson's
Law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parkinson%27s_law) is really applicable to
my current circumstance. So for the next month I will make sure to follow more
stringent rules [and tools](http://selfcontrolapp.com/) that will allow me to
finish work quicker.

Cheers.

